#summary Roadmap for upcoming releases


== CCAFS P&R v1.2 ==
*Planned release date:* December 2013

In reporting it is needed add new sub-sections, like Communications, Indicators and Leverages.

Also it's needed make improvements and adjustments in reporting subsections like Outcomes, Case studies, Publications and Deliverables.

----------

== CCAFS P&R v1.1 ==
*Planned release date:* October 1 2013

*Released on:* October 30, 2013

This version improved the planning section. It was added a Validate button per activity and a Submit button to make the submission once the work plan is ready.
Also was added a list to see the activities from previus years.

[http://code.google.com/p/ccafs-ap/issues/list?can=1&q=milestone%3DRelease1.1 Resolved issues]

*Minor versions:*

  * Version 1.1.1 [http://code.google.com/p/ccafs-ap/issues/list?can=1&q=milestone%3DRelease1.1.1 Resolved issues]

  * Version 1.1.2 [http://code.google.com/p/ccafs-ap/issues/list?can=1&q=milestone%3DRelease1.1.2 Resolved issues]

  * Version 1.1.3 [http://code.google.com/p/ccafs-ap/issues/list?can=1&q=milestone%3DRelease1.1.3 Resolved issues]

---------

== CCAFS P&R v1.0.3: Release notes ==

Version 1.0.3 was released on September 16, 2013

This version was released mainly to improve the XML file generated to share the partners information. Also were fixed some details: it was changed the key used to load the maps of google, it was changed the style of the main menu.

[http://code.google.com/p/ccafs-ap/issues/list?can=1&q=milestone=Release1.0.3 Resolved issues]

---------

== CCAFS P&R v1.0.2: Release notes ==

Version 1.0.2 was released on September 2, 2013

This version was released to give response a several requests made by some science officers who asked to make editable the field of activity title, also were changed the way of save the activity regions into the database and the platform behavior when an exception occurs.

[https://code.google.com/p/ccafs-ap/issues/list?can=1&cursor=ccafs-ap%3A107&q=Milestone%3DRelease1.0.2 Resolved issues]

---------

== CCAFS P&R v1.0.1: Release notes ==

Version 1.0.1 was released on August 23, 2013

This version was released to fix an error reported by a science officer, also were fixed some less critical issues and added some improvements.

[https://code.google.com/p/ccafs-ap/issues/list?can=1&cursor=ccafs-ap%3A107&q=Milestone%3DRelease1.0.1 Resolved issues]

---------

== CCAFS P&R v1.0: Release notes ==

Version 1.0 was released on July 5, 2013

This version includes the planning and reporting sections although just the planning section is available for users.

[https://code.google.com/p/ccafs-ap/issues/list?can=1&q=milestone=Release1.0%20status=Verified&sort=-status Resolved issues]